Add "Hard Rock CoffeeScript" (#6543)
EbookFoundation/free-programming-books: books/free-programming-books-langs.md

* [CoffeeScript Cookbook](https://coffeescript-cookbook.github.io)
* [CoffeeScript Ristretto](https://leanpub.com/coffeescript-ristretto/read) - Reginald Braithwaite  *(Leanpub account or valid email requested)*
* [Hard Rock CoffeeScript](https://alchaplinsky.github.io/hard-rock-coffeescript/)
* [Smooth CoffeeScript](http://autotelicum.github.io/Smooth-CoffeeScript/SmoothCoffeeScript.html)

> * [The Little Book on CoffeeScript](http://arcturo.github.io/library/coffeescript/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [The Little Book on CoffeeScript](http://arcturo.github.io/library/coffeescript/) - Alex Chaplinsky (gitbook)
```

* [CoffeeScript Cookbook](https://coffeescript-cookbook.github.io)
* [CoffeeScript Ristretto](https://leanpub.com/coffeescript-ristretto/read) - Reginald Braithwaite  *(Leanpub account or valid email requested)*
* [Hard Rock CoffeeScript](https://alchaplinsky.github.io/hard-rock-coffeescript/)
* [Smooth CoffeeScript](http://autotelicum.github.io/Smooth-CoffeeScript/SmoothCoffeeScript.html)

> * [The Little Book on CoffeeScript](http://arcturo.github.io/library/coffeescript/) - Alex Chaplinsky (gitbook)

Reviewer: Sorry for the mistake in latest review.

Revert or complete with real authors:

 ```suggestion
* [The Little Book on CoffeeScript](http://arcturo.github.io/library/coffeescript/) - Alex MacCaw, David Griffiths, Satoshi Murakami, Jeremy Ashkenas
```
